[docs] corrected DeepSpeech conversion (#6011)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/MO_DG/prepare_model/convert_model/tf_specific/Convert_DeepSpeech_From_Tensorflow.md

following files:
After you unpack the archives below, you have to freeze the model. Please note that this requires 
TensorFlow* version 1 which is not available under python 3.8, so you will need python 3.7 or lesser.
Before freezing deploy a virtual environment and install required packages:
```
alphabet.txt  
lm.binary
output_graph.pb  
output_graph.pbmm  
output_graph.rounded.pb  
output_graph.rounded.pbmm  
trie
virtualenv --python=python3.7 venv-deep-speech
source venv-deep-speech/bin/activate
cd DeepSpeech-0.8.2
pip3 install -e .
```
Freeze the model with the following command:
```
python3 DeepSpeech.py --checkpoint_dir ../deepspeech-0.8.2-checkpoint --export_dir ../
```
After that you will get the pretrained frozen model file `output_graph.pb` in the directory `deepspeech` created at 
the beginning. The model contains the preprocessing and main parts. The first preprocessing part performs conversion of input 
spectrogram into a form that's useful for speech recognition (mel). This part of the model is not convertible into 
IR because it contains 2 unsupported operations `AudioSpectrogram` and `Mfcc`. 

Pre-trained frozen model file is `output_graph.pb`.

> ![DeepSpeech model view](../../../img/DeepSpeech.png)

Reviewer: Don't we want this picture anymore?

Author: The old graph (version 0.3.0) didn't match to the 0.8.2 and even printing 0.8.2in tensorboard did't show this particular interesting structure so I decided to remove it.

After your comment reconsidered my decission and redraw 0.8.2 in Netron and attached picture again

As you can see, the frozen model still has two variables: `previous_state_c` and
`previous_state_h`. It means that the model keeps training those variables at each inference.

> At the first inference of this graph, the variables are initialized by zero tensors. After executing the `lstm_fused_cell` nodes, cell state and hidden state, which are the results of the `BlockLSTM` execution, are assigned to these two variables.

Reviewer: I am not sure about why is this paragraph is skipped. How rnn states are initialized from one inference request to another?

Author: cell and hidden state variables must be initialized in the user script https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/pull/6011/files#diff-80d5d3287334e6c55b8e6245824b388f995a62a81fc566ccd08d744820996934R61-R62

I reverted part of this paragraph with picture and clarification about  `previous_state_c` and `previous_state_h`

> --input_shape "[1,16,19,26],[1,2048],[1,2048]"           \

Reviewer: please use just `--input` instead of this triple. `--input` must support it. It needs because `--input_shape`  is planned to be deprecated in future

[DeepSpeech project](https://github.com/mozilla/DeepSpeech) provides an engine to train speech-to-text models.

## Download the Pretrained DeepSpeech Model

Create a directory where model and metagraph with pretrained weights will be stored:
```
mkdir deepspeech
cd deepspeech
```
[Pretrained English speech-to-text model](https://github.com/mozilla/DeepSpeech/releases/tag/v0.8.2) is publicly available. 

> To download the model, please follow the instruction below:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To download the model, follow the instruction below:
```

* For UNIX*-like systems, run the following command:
```
wget -O - https://github.com/mozilla/DeepSpeech/archive/v0.8.2.tar.gz | tar xvfz -
wget -O - https://github.com/mozilla/DeepSpeech/releases/download/v0.8.2/deepspeech-0.8.2-checkpoint.tar.gz | tar xvfz -
```
* For Windows* systems:
  1. Download the archive with the model: [https://github.com/mozilla/DeepSpeech/archive/v0.8.2.tar.gz](https://github.com/mozilla/DeepSpeech/archive/v0.8.2.tar.gz).

>   2. Download the TF metagraph with pretrained weights: [https://github.com/mozilla/DeepSpeech/releases/download/v0.8.2/deepspeech-0.8.2-checkpoint.tar.gz](https://github.com/mozilla/DeepSpeech/releases/download/v0.8.2/deepspeech-0.8.2-checkpoint.tar.gz).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  2. Download the TensorFlow\* MetaGraph with pretrained weights: [https://github.com/mozilla/DeepSpeech/releases/download/v0.8.2/deepspeech-0.8.2-checkpoint.tar.gz](https://github.com/mozilla/DeepSpeech/releases/download/v0.8.2/deepspeech-0.8.2-checkpoint.tar.gz).
```

  3. Unpack it with a file archiver application.

> ## Freeze the model into a *.pb file

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Freeze the Model into a *.pb File
```

> After you unpack the archives below, you have to freeze the model. Please note that this requires 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After unpacking the archives above, you have to freeze the model. Note that this requires 
```

> TensorFlow* version 1 which is not available under python 3.8, so you will need python 3.7 or lesser.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
TensorFlow* version 1 which is not available under Python 3.8, so you need Python 3.7 or lower.
```

> Before freezing deploy a virtual environment and install required packages:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Before freezing, deploy a virtual environment and install the required packages:
```

```
virtualenv --python=python3.7 venv-deep-speech
source venv-deep-speech/bin/activate
cd DeepSpeech-0.8.2
pip3 install -e .
```
Freeze the model with the following command:
```
python3 DeepSpeech.py --checkpoint_dir ../deepspeech-0.8.2-checkpoint --export_dir ../
```

> After that you will get the pretrained frozen model file `output_graph.pb` in the directory `deepspeech` created at 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After that, you will get the pretrained frozen model file `output_graph.pb` in the directory `deepspeech` created at 
```

the beginning. The model contains the preprocessing and main parts. The first preprocessing part performs conversion of input 

> spectrogram into a form that's useful for speech recognition (mel). This part of the model is not convertible into 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
spectrogram into a form useful for speech recognition (mel). This part of the model is not convertible into 
```

IR because it contains unsupported operations `AudioSpectrogram` and `Mfcc`.

> The main and most computationally expensive part of the model actually converts the preprocessed audio into text. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The main and most computationally expensive part of the model converts the preprocessed audio into text. 
```

There are two specificities with the supported part of the model. 

> First is that the model contains an input with sequence length. So for now we can convert the model with 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The first is that the model contains an input with sequence length. So the model can be converted with 
```

> a fixed input length shape, thus the model is not [reshapeable](../../../../IE_DG/ShapeInference.md).

Reviewer 3: In square brackets we should specify the title of the referenced page. I suggest to rephrase the text:

`... thus the model is not reshapeable. Refer to the [Using Shape Inference](../../../../IE_DG/ShapeInference.md) for more details.`

Author: done

The second is that the frozen model still has two variables: `previous_state_c` and `previous_state_h`, figure 

> with the frozen *.pb model is below. It means that the model keeps training those variables at each inference. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
with the frozen *.pb model is below. It means that the model keeps training these variables at each inference. 
```

![DeepSpeech model view](../../../img/DeepSpeech-0.8.2.png)

> At the first inference the variables are initialized by zero tensors. After executing, the results of the `BlockLSTM` 

Reviewer 3: `are initialized by zero` -> `are initialized with zero`?

Author: agree, `with` sounds more natural than `by`

> At the first inference the variables are initialized by zero tensors. After executing the results of the `BlockLSTM` 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
At the first inference the variables are initialized by zero tensors. After executing, the results of the `BlockLSTM` 
```

are assigned to cell state and hidden state, which are these two variables.

> ## Convert the main part of DeepSpeech Model into IR

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Convert the Main Part of DeepSpeech Model into IR
```

The Model Optimizer assumes that the output model is for inference only. That is why you should cut `previous_state_c` 
and `previous_state_h` variables off and resolve keeping cell and hidden states on the application level.

There are certain limitations for the model conversion:
- Time length (`time_len`) and sequence length (`seq_len`) are equal.
- Original model cannot be reshaped, so you should keep original shapes.

> To generate the IR, run Model Optimizer with the following parameters:

Reviewer 3: `run Model Optimizer` -> `run the Model Optimizer`

Author: fixed

> To generate the IR run Model Optimizer with the following parameters:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To generate the IR, run Model Optimizer with the following parameters:
```

```sh
python3 {path_to_mo}/mo_tf.py                            \
--input_model output_graph.pb                            \
--input "input_lengths->[16],input_node[1 16 19 26],previous_state_h[1 2048],previous_state_c[1 2048]"   \
--output "cudnn_lstm/rnn/multi_rnn_cell/cell_0/cudnn_compatible_lstm_cell/GatherNd_1,cudnn_lstm/rnn/multi_rnn_cell/cell_0/cudnn_compatible_lstm_cell/GatherNd,logits" \
--disable_nhwc_to_nchw
```

Where:

> * `input_lengths->[16]` freezes sequence length

Reviewer 3: "Replaces the input node with name "input_lengths" with a constant tensor of shape `[1]` with a single integer value  `16`. This means that the model now can consume input sequences of length 16 only." - the description should be like this.

Author: changed according to your reccomendation

> * `input_node[1 16 19 26],previous_state_h[1 2048],previous_state_c[1 2048]` replace the variables with a placeholder

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `input_node[1 16 19 26],previous_state_h[1 2048],previous_state_c[1 2048]` replaces the variables with a placeholder
```

> * `--output ".../GatherNd_1,.../GatherNd,logits" ` gets data for the next model

Reviewer 3: Confusing comment. 

- The "--output" command line parameter specifies output node names. 
- What is "the next model"? There is just one model.

Author: there was written `for the next model execution` since `.../GatherNd_1,.../GatherNd` must be fed into input for hidden and cell state `previous_state_h,previous_state_c` but anyways I agree it sounds confusing. 

Simplified comment to "output node names"

--freeze_placeholder_with_value input_lengths->[16]                     \
--input input_node,previous_state_h/read,previous_state_c/read          \
--input_shape [1,16,19,26],[1,2048],[1,2048]                            \
--output raw_logits,lstm_fused_cell/Gather,lstm_fused_cell/Gather_1 \
--disable_nhwc_to_nchw
```

> **NOTE**: If during conversion you face error 
>```Exception occurred during running replacer ...No node with name lstm_fused_cell/Gather``` try to replace output 
> names into lstm_fused_cell/Gather**Nd**,lstm_fused_cell/Gather**Nd**_1 

Where:
* `--freeze_placeholder_with_value "input_lengths->[16]"` freezes sequence length
* `--input input_node,previous_state_h/read,previous_state_c/read` and
`--input_shape "[1,16,19,26],[1,2048],[1,2048]"` replace the variables with a placeholder

> * `--output raw_logits,lstm_fused_cell/Gather,lstm_fused_cell/Gather_1` gets data for the next model

Reviewer 3: If you take a look at benchmark repo for newer version of the model (for example, 0.8.2) model-zoo-models-public/blob/master/speech_to_text/mozilla-deepspeech/v0.8.2/tf/input.yml you will see that the node names are GatherNd and GatherNd_1. So I would recommend to update the instruction for a newer version of the model (the latest one which we support) instead of asking customer to download version 0.3.0 which is old.

Author: changed instructions into version 0.8.2
